## Intro
List of possible books to be generated by this project.

- Kingdom of Days: 1 book per month
- Cover Me: 1 big book
- Roll of the Dice: 1 big book

KoD:
    Book per month
    add in "Where the Band Was" bits when relevant

Cover Me:
    Being one big book works better. Could do themes, but those would run out quickly.
    Also include Meeting Across The River (Colabs with artists on their songs)


Roll of the Dice:
    Few ideas, though all are similar in that they'll be one big book:

    Chapter by album (similar to Hiatt "Stories Behind the Songs")
        Songs in running order, then outtakes
        Include an "early years" chapter for the pre-Greetings stuff. This chapter will likely be chronological
        Chapter for Singles/B-Sides

    Songs listed chronologically by release
        Could even break up into chapter by decade?

    Songs listed alphabetically
    
Spare Parts:
    Will contain the "Spare Parts" category, as well as "Hearts of Stone" and "Uncategorized".

## Other Categories
There are other categories listed on the site. Those are as follows.

### Hearts of Stone
Only one post, an april fools day post looking at the Bruce Springstone parody. Not sure where to put this. Maybe an "odds and ends" section? Could include with "Spare Parts".

### Spare Parts
These are assorted posts not fitting with other categories

### Uncategorized
Assorted posts, usually having to do with the blog itself.

### LA 83, Once Only, Letter, Holiday, Tunnel, Greetings, Encore
New categories only for the purposes of the corresponding books. Will be checked but likely they are posts that exist already.

# All Books
- Make sure links are updated to point to book itself, rather than the site. If another book, then update to say that.
- External links are correct, point to IA if not. Can add description saying what it is/was.
- Youtube/Videopress: Videos can be embedded in epub, add a description saying what the video is. Already replaced embeds with direct links.
- Audio: Perhaps upload audio to IA, and link to that. Add description for what audio is, link to IA or Youtube if it's available there.
- Images: can be embedded, resized if needed.
- Include an introduction explaining a bit about the site and these books.

# Complete Book List:

## Kingdom of Days
    - KoD: January
    - KoD: February
    - KoD: March
    - KoD: April
    - KoD: May
    - KoD: June
    - KoD: July
    - KoD: August
    - KoD: September
    - KoD: October
    - KoD: November
    - KoD: December

## Roll of the Dice:
- Roll of the Dice: Bruce's Originals
    - Early Years (Castiles, Child, Steel Mill, Dr. Zoom, BSB, 1968 Notebook)
    - Greetings (Complete)
    - WIESS (Missing Rosie, NYCS)
    - BTR (Missing Thunder Road, BTR, Jungleland)
    - Darkness (Complete)
    - River (Missing Stolen Car)
    - Nebraska (Missing Patrolman)
    - BITUSA (Complete)
    - 75/85 (5 songs)
    - Tunnel (Complete)
    - HT (missing Gloria's Eyes)
    - LT (missing Leap of Faith)
    - Plugged (2 songs)
    - GH? (only 4 songs)
    - Joad (Complete)
    - Blood Brothers (Complete?)
    - Tracks (missing Zero, So Young..., Restless Nights, Stolen Car alt, This Hard Land, THe Promise)
    - The Rising (missing Into The Fire and Worlds Apart)
    - Essential Bonus Disc (missing From Small Things)
    - Devils (missing The Hitter)
    - Sessions (Complete)
    - Magic (missing LTD)
    - WOAD (missing This Life and Last Carnival)
    - The Promise (missing BTN, title track)
    - Wrecking Ball (Complete)
    - HH/American Beauty (missing 41 Shots)
    - Ties That Bind (Complete)
    - Chapter and Verse (Complete, might include as Early Years?)
    - Western Stars (missing Sleepy Joe, Sundown)
    - Letter (Complete)
    - OTSS (missing title, Nightshift, Do I Love You, 7 Rooms, Someday)
    - Singles/B Sides
    - Unreleased Solo
    - Unreleased E Street
    - Each Tracks 2 album
    - Misc.

## Cover Me (Songs Bruce has covered)
    - One big book, ordered alphabetically

## Meeting Across The River (Collabs with other artists)
    - Thought about lumping this with Cover Me, but it's 300 posts, enough for a book probably
    - Ordered Alphabetically

## Spare Parts
    - "Spare Parts" category
    - "Hearts of Stone" one-off
    - "Uncategorized" category

## Where The Band Was:
    - Thought about lumping this with KoD, but figured it was better on it's own.